## Overview

This repository contains the code used to generate the feature importance figure from our random forest classifier. The primary goal of this visualization is to elucidate which attributes of B cell receptor (BCR) repertoires are most significant in the classification process. The analysis utilizes B cell receptor sequencing data collected from 2 groups (1) healthy volunteers and (2) patients diagnosed with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE). B cell receptor sequencing data was collected from healthy volunteers and patients diagnosed with lupus [1].

Our random forest model identifies distinguishing characteristics across the BCR repertoires of both groups.


## Data
The data was collected and generated by Zaslavsky et al, as a paper in Science, accesssible [here](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.adp2407). Briefly, PBMCs were isolated from healthy volunteers and patients diagnosed with SLE. BCR heavy chains were PCR amplified with immunoglobulin primers and seequenced with paired-end Illumina MiSeq sequencing. Processed data are deposited on Synapse accessible [here](https://www.synapse.org/Synapse:syn62002263.).

NOTE: For problem set 6, the data file to generate the feature importance figure is large, so it is not included in the repository. It can be accessed through [this](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zngT7wxNT9-nSd4HVjjlH584dIpxlVg4/view?usp=share_link) Google Drive link.

## Folder Structure
20.440-Final-Project/
├── README.md          # Project documentation and overview
├── hw6.ipynb          # Jupyter notebook with random forest analysis
├── .gitattributes  
└── .gitignore         

## Installation
To run the analysis notebook, you'll need Python 3.8+ and the following packages:

```bash
# Basic data analysis and visualization
pandas
numpy
matplotlib
scipy

# Bioinformatics tools
python-Levenshtein
biopython

# Machine learning libraries
scikit-learn

# Additional utilities
pydotplus
ipython

# For running the notebook
jupyter

## References
1. Maxim E. Zaslavsky et al. ,Disease diagnostics using machine learning of B cell and T cell receptor sequences.Science387,eadp2407(2025).DOI:10.1126/science.adp2407
