# packages in environment at /home/rylim/.conda/envs/bio_env_new:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
adwaita-icon-theme        48.0                     unix_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.13               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.9.0              pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py311h9ecbd09_5    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
asttokens                 3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
asyncio-atexit            1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
at-spi2-atk               2.38.0               h0630a04_3    conda-forge
at-spi2-core              2.40.3               h0630a04_0    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               h04ea711_2    conda-forge
attrs                     25.3.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.13.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.85            py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
bleach                    6.2.0              pyh29332c3_4    conda-forge
bleach-with-css           6.2.0                h82add2a_4    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hfdbb021_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.1.31            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h3394656_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.1.31          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py311hf29c0ef_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
colour                    0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.1           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.27               h54b06d7_7    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.13          py311hfdbb021_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
deprecated                1.2.18                   pypi_0    pypi
double-conversion         3.3.1                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
dtreeviz                  2.2.2              pyh7448d05_0    conda-forge
epoxy                     1.5.10               h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.56.0          py311h2dc5d0c_0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               h48d6fc4_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              hb9ae30d_0    conda-forge
git-lfs                   3.6.1                h59e48b9_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.44             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.84.0               h4833e2c_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.69.2                   pypi_0    pypi
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
graphviz                  12.2.1               h5ae0cbf_1    conda-forge
gtk3                      3.24.43              h0c6a113_5    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h977cf35_4    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  11.0.0               h76408a6_0    conda-forge
hicolor-icon-theme        0.17                 ha770c72_2    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.27.2                   pypi_0    pypi
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.6.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipython                   9.0.2              pyhfb0248b_0    conda-forge
ipython_pygments_lexers   1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py311h38be061_1    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2024.10.1          pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.23.0               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter-server-mathjax    0.2.6              pyhbbac1ac_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.12.0             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h717163a_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_4    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
levenshtein               0.27.1          py311hfdbb021_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           31_h59b9bed_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           31_he106b2a_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp20.1          20.1.2          default_hb5137d0_0    conda-forge
libclang13                20.1.2          default_h9c6a7e4_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.23                 h4ddbbb0_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.124              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.2.0               h767d61c_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.2.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3               h6f5c62b_11    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0               hf1ad2bd_2    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglib                   2.84.0               h2ff4ddf_0    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.2.0               h767d61c_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_1    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           31_h7ac8fdf_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm20                 20.1.2               ha7bfdaf_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.6.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.8                  hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          pthreads_h94d23a6_0    conda-forge
libopengl                 1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.47               h943b412_0    conda-forge
libpq                     17.4                 h27ae623_1    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.4               he92a37e_3    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.49.1               hee588c1_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.2.0               h8f9b012_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.2.0               h4852527_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hd9ff511_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h851e524_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.8.1                hc4a0caf_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.7               h8d12d68_0    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h76b75d6_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.44.0          py311h9c9ff8c_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py311h2dc5d0c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.10.1          py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.1          py311h2b939e6_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mistune                   3.1.3              pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              9.0.1                h266115a_5    conda-forge
mysql-libs                9.0.1                he0572af_5    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.6             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
nbdime                    4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbstripout                0.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
numba                     0.61.0          py311h4e1c48f_1    conda-forge
numpy                     2.1.3           py311h71ddf71_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h5fbd93e_0    conda-forge
openldap                  2.6.9                he970967_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.0                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
opentelemetry-api         1.31.1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common 1.31.1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http 1.31.1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation 0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx 0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests 0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-threading 0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib 0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-proto       1.31.1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-sdk         1.31.1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions 0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-util-http   0.52b1                   pypi_0    pypi
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
packaging                 24.2               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py311h7db5c69_1    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.56.3               h9ac818e_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
pillow                    11.1.0          py311h1322bbf_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.0.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.44.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.7              pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.50             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  5.29.4                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pydotplus                 2.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_7    conda-forge
pygments                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyside6                   6.8.3           py311h9053184_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pytest                    8.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.11.11         h9e4cc4f_2_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-graphviz           0.20.3             pyh91182bf_2    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-levenshtein        0.27.1             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    6_cp311    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py311h2dc5d0c_2    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.3.0          py311h7deb3e3_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.8.3                h6441bc3_1    conda-forge
rapidfuzz                 3.12.2          py311hfdbb021_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
referencing               0.36.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.24.0          py311h687327b_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.6.1           py311h57cc02b_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.15.2          py311h8f841c2_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.3              pyh0d859eb_1    conda-forge
setuptools                75.8.2             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
shap                      0.47.1          cpu_py311h4a85cc1_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
slicer                    0.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
synapseclient             4.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.6.0              pyhecae5ae_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.2           py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20241206     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.13.0               h9fa5a19_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.13.0             pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025a                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              16.0.0          py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.20                  pypi_0    pypi
wayland                   1.23.1               h3e06ad9_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.11.1            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.17.2                   pypi_0    pypi
xcb-util                  0.4.1                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-cursor           0.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.43                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.6                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.12               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxcursor           1.2.3                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdamage           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxinerama          1.1.5                h5888daf_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h3b0a872_7    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                hb8e6e7a_2    conda-forge
